[Docs] Customizing Credit Memo's logo (#13423)
Sylius/Sylius: docs/cookbook/payments/customizing-credit-memo.rst

            /* ... */
        </style>

> Customizing Credit Memo's logo
> ----------------------------------

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Customizing Credit Memo's logo
------------------------------
```

Credit Memo's logo is by default displayed as Sylius logo.

> Change it by modifying the ``SYLIUS_REFUND_LOGO_FILE`` environment variable.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Changing it is done by modifying the ``SYLIUS_REFUND_LOGO_FILE`` environment variable.
```

Reviewer: why? :D much more formal tone than in our docs usually.

You can achieve that by overwriting it's path in your ``.env`` file, like in the example below:

    .. code-block:: text

>         SYLIUS_REFUND_LOGO_FILE=/Users/Sylius/logo_directory/your_logo.png

Reviewer 3: Similar to https://github.com/Sylius/Sylius/pull/13421#pullrequestreview-843431184, you should put a custom logo in the project directory and then use it with the proper path.
